feat: add env vars for opensearch replica shards (#14887)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

## Hosting & Configuration

### Configurable Elasticsearch shard and replica counts

The `number_of_shards` and `number_of_replicas` settings for Elasticsearch indices are now configurable via environment variables instead of being hardcoded.

For the Storefront/Store API Elasticsearch:
- `SHOPWARE_ES_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS` (default: empty, meaning Elasticsearch default)
- `SHOPWARE_ES_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS` (default: empty, meaning Elasticsearch default)

For the Admin Elasticsearch:

> - `SHOPWARE_ADMIN_ES_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS` (default: `3`, will be with 6.8 also empty)

Reviewer: can you already document this in the 6.8 upgrade guide?

> - `SHOPWARE_ADMIN_ES_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS` (default: `3`, will be with 6.8 also empty)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SHOPWARE_ADMIN_ES_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS` (default: `3`, will also be empty with next major)
```

> - `SHOPWARE_ADMIN_ES_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS` (default: `3`, will be with 6.8 also empty)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SHOPWARE_ADMIN_ES_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS` (default: `3`, will also be empty with next major)
```
